[Verse 1 - The Illusion]
They say you're free to choose where you want to work
Free to leave if your boss is a jerk
But when every job requires you sign away your soul
You're just picking which master gets control

Health insurance chains you to your corporate cell
Quit your job? Hope your kids don't get unwell
401k holds your retirement for ransom
Work till you die - ain't freedom handsome?

[Chorus]
Welcome to the free market slave system
Where you're free to choose your corporate prison
Sign away your rights to get your daily bread
Free market slaves - the working dead

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 2 - The Numbers]
40 percent of Walmart workers on food stamps
While the Waltons count billions at their camps
You work full time but still can't afford to eat
That's the free market's victory complete

Productivity up 400 percent since '79
Wages stayed flat - that's by design
You produce more wealth than ever before
But it all flows upward to the corporate floor

[Bridge - The Constitutional Perversion]
Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness?
Became work, obey, and take what you get
The founders feared a king would steal our rights
Never dreamed corporations would win without a fight

[Verse 3 - The Modern Plantation]
Amazon workers pee in bottles on the line
Algorithms fire them when they fall behind
"Independent contractors" with no rights at all
Free market innovation? That's what they call

Your boss tracks your keystrokes, reads your mail
Monitors your bathroom breaks without fail
Prison inmates have more privacy protection
Than workers in the free market's direction

[Verse 4 - The Truth]
They outlawed slavery in 1865
But found a new way to keep it alive
Instead of chains, they use student debt
Instead of whips, the fear you won't eat yet

You're free to quit - and free to starve
Free to beg - from the corporate carved
Pieces of what used to be the American Dream
Welcome to the free market slavery scheme

[Outro - Spoken with bitter humor]
Land of the free? Home of the brave?
More like land of the free market slave
Where corporations are persons with unlimited rights
And you're just human - too bad, good night

They'll never put you in chains
That would hurt their capital gains
Better to make you forge your own
Out of student loans and mortgages you'll never own
Debt is the new slavery, didn't you know?
Sign here to get your slave wages... let's go

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Spoken - No Music]
We The People - Not Company Rule!
