[Intro - Spoken]
They say nobody wants to work anymore
Like work is what we were born for...

[Verse 1 - The Manager's Complaint]
Danny managed a Wendy's in Ohio last year
Put up a sign: "Nobody wants to work, I fear"
Offered 12 bucks an hour, no benefits in sight
Then wondered why his dining room closed every night

Jessica the regional manager sent an email blast:
"These lazy workers want everything, it's so crass!
They want health insurance and enough to pay rent
Must be that government money that got them bent"

[Verse 2 - The Worker's Reality]
But Tyler who applied there had a college degree
Works two other jobs just to partially be free
Of his student loans that eat half his check
While rent takes the rest - what'd you expect?

Sarah's got three kids and no childcare
One sick day means she's out of there
You want her ambitious? Here's a thought:
Pay her enough so she's not always caught
Between feeding her kids and keeping the lights on
That's where American ambition has gone

[Chorus]
Nobody wants to work (at being your slave)
Nobody wants to work (for what you gave)
Poverty wages for productivity gains
You killed ambition with your chains

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 3 - The Numbers Don't Lie]
Productivity up 400% since '79
Wages stayed flat by your design
One job fed a family in 1965
Now three jobs barely keeps you alive

4.3 million quit in just one month
Not lazy - just done with your stunt
Of pretending that work should be our religion
While you profit off our condition

[Bridge - The Real Truth]
We LOVE to work when work has meaning
When we can see our children in the evening
When one job pays for a life worth living
When our labor gets what we're giving

You want ambition? Here's the deal:
Pay us enough to actually feel
Like humans with futures, not corporate cogs
We'll work like champions, not beaten dogs

[Verse 4 - The Solution's Simple]
Goldman Sachs lost analysts to suicide
95-hour weeks with nowhere to hide
Amazon workers piss in bottles on the line
Then you wonder why they won't toe your line?

You could have it all - productivity and loyalty too
Just treat workers like humans, not revenue
It's America - we're raised to achieve and succeed
But not to be slaves to your unlimited greed

[Outro - Direct Address]
You say nobody wants to work anymore
But we've been working - just not what for
Not for poverty, not for chains
Not for your capital gains

We want to work for our dreams, our lives
For our children, husbands, and wives
Take the chains off, watch us soar
That's what American ambition is for

[Spoken over final chords]
Nobody wants to work... at being your slave
Everybody wants to work... at lives worth living
You killed the American Dream
Then blamed us for not dreaming
The joke's on you, destroyers
We're awake now

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back
