[Intro - Spoken]
Before we sing about today, let me tell you where it started...

[Verse 1 - The Original Theft]
Georgia farmers worked the land their fathers cleared with blood
Creek and Cherokee watched their sacred ground become white man's mud
35 million acres sold for pennies on the dollar
Through bribes and lies and midnight deals, corruption's dog collar

The people elected new men who said "We'll make this right"
Void the corrupt sales, return the land to light
But Chief Justice Marshall in 1810 declared
"A contract is sacred, even when it's corruption layered"

[Verse 2 - The Precedent]
Before Black folks were freed (55 years before)
Before women could vote (110 years indeed)
Before any human rights were constitutionally scored
Corporate contracts were protected by judicial sword

[Chorus]
In Fletcher versus Peck, democracy died
The Court said corruption was sanctified
Those Georgia farmers, those Native nations
Became the first of constitutional violations
Where corporate paper beat human need
And planted America's poisoned seed

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 3 - The Echo]
Every corporate right you've heard me sing about
Traces back to that Georgia doubt
Can democracy undo corruption's deal?
Marshall said no, made corporate power real

From 1810 to 2025
Corporate persons came alive
While human persons lost their rights
To pieces of paper in corporate fights

[Outro - Coming Full Circle]
So when you hear that corporations are people, my friend
Remember it started with corruption's defense
Georgia farmers and Native peoples were the first to learn
The Constitution wasn't written for their concern
It was written for contracts
Even corrupt ones
Especially corrupt ones
That's where we've been
Ever since

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Slow down - Angry Guitar slap and foot stomp]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back
