[Verse 1 - The Butchers' Stand]
Ten butchers in Jacksonville, Texas, February 2000
Cut meat all day for Walmart, skilled hands countin'
"We just want some respect and a voice"
Voted 7 to 3, made their choice

First union vote to win at any Walmart store
Those ten Texas butchers opened up a door
Or so they thought, till corporate called
And every meat department nationwide got mauled

[Verse 2 - The Retaliation]
Two weeks later, announcement came down
"We're switching to pre-packaged meat in every town"
180 stores, thousands of butchers lost their trade
'Cause ten guys in Texas thought unions got it made

[Chorus]
Constitution says assembly is your right
Unless you work for a corporation with might
Free speech, free assembly, organize if you dare
But you'll be free to assemble in the unemployment square

Ten butchers in Texas exercised their rights
Walmart's corporate persons won the fight
No meat department in any Walmart since that day
That's how corporate persons make unions go away

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 3 - The Bigger Picture]
Now they use Lockheed Martin tools to track
Every worker's social media, front to back
Looking for union talk, organizing dreams
Spy satellites turned on retail teams

40 percent of their workers on food stamps, it's true
While Waltons count billions, what's it to you?
Those ten Texas butchers learned the hardest way
Constitutional rights stop at the time clock every day

[Outro - Spoken with guitar vamping]
Ten skilled butchers in a Texas town
Thought the Constitution would back them up
Instead, they learned what we all learn eventually
Corporate persons got more rights than you and me
And they'll use 'em
Ask those ten butchers... if you can find 'em

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Dead Serious Angry guitar slap, Foot stomp]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back
