[Intro - Spoken]
They killed Martin. They killed Malcolm. They killed Fred Hampton.
They infiltrated every organization we ever built.
But what if the organization... is just us?

[Verse 1 - The Lesson of History]
Every time we organize with leaders and names
FBI infiltrates and plays their games
COINTELPRO taught us what they fear most
It ain't violence - it's when people get close

They can kill a leader, raid an office, tap a phone
But they can't kill an idea that's already grown
In 350 million minds that know the same truth:
We The People ain't just words - it's proof

[Verse 2 - The Beautiful Paradox]
No membership cards, no dues to pay
No headquarters for them to raid today
No president to assassinate
No board of directors to infiltrate

Just Sarah not shopping at Walmart anymore
Just Mike helping neighbors when rent's at the door
Just Maya sharing food when times get hard
Just We The People in every backyard

[Chorus]
We are the organization you can't kill
(Can't kill!) No head to cut, no blood to spill
We are the constitution's first three words
(We are!) The power that's always been ours
No meetings to bug, no leaders to buy
We're already organized - we just forgot why

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 3 - The Network Effect]
Rosa Parks wasn't the leader of the boycott
Just a woman who said "I'm taking my shot"
381 days, no CEO, no board
Just people walking till justice was scored

That's the model - no model at all
Just humans who refuse to crawl
When enough of us say "no" the same day
Their whole system melts away

[Verse 4 - Calling Out the Division]
They'll throw race cards, gender wars, red versus blue
Same old playbook since 1676 came through
When Bacon's Rebellion had poor folks united
They invented race division - kept us divided

"Look, immigrants!" while they steal your pension
"Look, trans kids!" while they buy your congressman  
"Look, the border!" while they offshore your job
"Look, the crime!" while they finish the rob

But we got eyes on you destroyers
We see your game, division employers
Black, white, brown, we're done with your show
Republican, Democrat - we all know
You're the real enemy, corporate power
And this is We The People's hour

[Chorus]
We are the organization you can't kill
(Can't kill!) No head to cut, no blood to spill
We're done with division, we see the trick
(We see you!) United we are, united we stick
No meetings to bug, no leaders to buy
We're already organized - we just forgot why

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Bridge - The Fear]
They'll call us terrorists, that's what they do
When power gets scared of me and you
They'll say we're organized crime, a conspiracy threat
But how do you conspire when you've never met?

We're just citizens using our rights
To not participate in corporate fights
To share with our neighbors, to grow our own food
To remember that We The People means brotherhood

[Verse 5 - The Practical Magic]
Start with five people who just understand
Then they each find five - it spreads through the land
No Facebook groups for them to track
No membership list for them to hack

Just consciousness spreading like dawn's early light
Each person deciding to fight the good fight
In their own way, in their own town
Till the corporate towers tumble down

[Verse 6 - The Truth That Terrifies]
We The People is not metaphor or myth
It's the organization we're already with
Three words that mean we're already one
The organization that can't be undone

They spent 200 years making us forget
That We The People is the ultimate threat
Not to America - but to their corporate reign
We The People is how we break the chain

[Outro - The Awakening]
So when they ask "But how do we organize?"
The answer's been in front of our eyes
We The People ARE the organization
Written right into this nation
We just forgot we already belong
To something three hundred million strong

[Spoken over final chords]
You can't kill us all... probably
You can't arrest us all... hopefully  
You can't stop an organization that needs no form
We The People - that's how revolutions are born
Not with violence, not with rage
But with millions who turn the page
At the same time

They know it. We forgot it.
But now we remember.
We The People.
The organization you can't kill.
Because we ARE the organization.

[Final Anthem - Crowd Participation]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back
(WE THE PEOPLE! WE THE PEOPLE! WE THE PEOPLE!)

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back
