[Verse 1 - The Human Story]
Danny posted on Facebook on a Sunday night
"My boss is an idiot" - thought it was his right
Monday morning, security walked him to the door
"Social media policy - you don't work here anymore"

First Amendment protects you from the government's hand
But corporations ain't the government, understand?
Sign this handbook, initial here, and here, and here
Your free speech ends when you need a career

[Verse 2 - The Corporate Theft]
Jennifer wouldn't sign the arbitration clause
"I want my right to jury trial protected by the laws"
They smiled and said "That's fine, you seem really bright
But the job goes to someone who'll sign away that right"

Seventh Amendment says jury trials are guaranteed
Unless you want to work, unless you need to feed
Your kids, your family, yourself in this land of the free
Where corporations write the terms of your liberty

[Chorus]
Sign here (your rights away)
Initial there (if you want to stay)
Employed at will means they own your voice
Freedom of speech? That's a luxury choice
Between your rights and eating today
Sign here - your rights away

[Anthem Part]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back

[Verse 3 - The Legal Reality]
Garcetti versus Ceballos, 2006
Supreme Court ruled your work speech ain't protected by the Constitution's mix
Pickering, Connick - case after case
Your First Amendment stops at the workplace

Meanwhile, Citizens United says corporate speech is sacred
Corporations are persons whose free speech can't be checkmated
But you? You're just a worker, not a constitutional person
Sign the handbook or your situation worsens

[Bridge - The Lists]
Can't criticize the company (sign here)
Can't organize your peers (initial here)
Can't refuse the propaganda meeting (sign here)
Can't speak about unfair treating (initial here)
Mandatory arbitration (sign here)
No class action participation (initial here)
Social media monitoring (sign here)
Your constitutional rights need rationing (sign or starve)

[Verse 4 - The Modern Trap]
Rachel taught kindergarten for fifteen years
Posted "we need more school supplies" through tears
Board said that's "conduct unbecoming" of their brand
Fired for speaking truth about the books in children's hands

Colin took a knee, lost his whole career
While team owners' political donations rang loud and clear
Corporate persons speak with billion-dollar voices
Human persons get "employment at will" choices

[Outro - Spoken over slow picking]
The Constitution says "Congress shall make no law"
Abridging freedom of speech - that's the deal we saw
But corporations ain't Congress, so they found the hack
You keep your rights, but you don't get your paycheck back

They don't burn the Constitution, they just price it
Out of reach of anyone who needs a job to survive it
Sign here... initial there... welcome to the team
Where your constitutional rights are just an American Dream

[Outro Anthem]
Dream (dead!) Rights (sold!)
Story (old!) Getting (cold!)
They divided us to stay in power
We got eyes on you destroyers
We the People want our rights back 
